I have few improvements here
 
1. Use light theme throught the application instead of the dark theme.
2. Please replace the current "Root Cause Analysis & Recommendations" UI with the html attached below. Please use our own synthetic data for this page for all the screnarios. This page should be dynamic as per the selection. Data which is showing on this page should be WRT selection and count should match because we are building production live kind of application. Use light theme as the application. Just take the UI and implement accordingly. HTML UI shows only for single product but for multiple products show the horizontal list with scroll on the top and first product will be selected by default. and below data should be basd on the selected product. Because why I am saying multiple products here means when we click "Fast moving" in labels section then fast moving contains multiple products and rca and recommendation should be for each product.
3. KPI cards UI should be same across the application like we should have proper trend line with x-axis and y-axis and if you hover your cursor then tooltip should show the info and these graphs should have the filter for daily, weekly, monthly. and when changed then graphs should update. So please have proper synthetic data for all the scenarios don`t generate randomly the count should match if someone corelate also.
4. And we are going to "Product Journey" when we click medicine category in forecast tab and there is no matching counts between the selected medicine category and showing counts and product names. What I want to tell you is that if user selected "Emergency Medicines" then you given 350 items then these 350 items should be shown and distributed in the branchs. I like the UI keep like that in the product journey. So count should match between selection and product journey screens. Small improvement in distribution node in circuit diagram like show allocated count and used count also. Don`t give red color to first node in source. please give some other light color and use colors based on the allocated and consumed count for both travelling dots and distribution nodes. Use your common sense to enhance this screen.
5. Check the screenshot, there are small improvements in chord diagram, don`t give colors to nodes in left side and right side give come blue color for both side. But color coding should be given to the ribbons based on fast-moving, medium, slow, occasional and width of the ribbons should be based on quantity that is flowing from left to right like over-stocking then more thickness given to the ribbon etc., and give legends on the top of the graph. and when cursor moved and hover on it then we should show the tooltip with info like quantity and type of the consumption etc.,
6. And as soon as user logged in then show 4-5 notifications from right bottom corner and should be auto dismissed so that user fill feel that this is live application.